why B2B marketing is like a puzzle
[Music]
hey I'm Sam Dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host the top 100 B2B
marketing podcast business growth show
and if you haven't yet check out my
weekly emails for actual marketing SEO
website tips useful podcasts free
goodies and more give it a shot over at
businessgrowth dot email so why the heck
is B2B marketing like a puzzle well many
of us in the B2B space we're selling
reasonably complex
software tools Widgets or physical items
they'll often involve multiple decision
makers or even a buying committee and
it's probably not something people wake
up and suddenly decide your tool it can
usually take some consideration before
they decide to make that investment
because of the price point and because
of how it might change that organization
in terms of integration or elsewhere so
just imagine that you provide some kind
of accounting software and perhaps so in
my case we provide SEO services so
perhaps someone Googles I don't know
best accounting software tool and then
they see top of organic search through
SEO they have a browser around your
website but they don't necessarily
inquire on that first visit
but you've got a bit of pad space in the
back of their mind they now are familiar
with your brand and your offering and
then perhaps they then see you on a
LinkedIn ad when they're scrolling
through Linkedin so that's another piece
of the puzzle perhaps you've shown a
case study in one of your advertisements
on LinkedIn they're like oh hey it's
that brand again and then maybe another
colleague that's also involved in the
buying process has heard you on a
community maybe that's Pavilion rev
genius or another one of the B2B in many
communities that are out there someone's
recommended your tool when someone's
asked about it perhaps another one in
the buying committee is searching for
Solutions or searching for an answer to
that problem or on YouTube perhaps
they've said I've got this issue perhaps
they've directly searched for an issue
on YouTube like how to speed up manual
entry in my accounting tool and then
it's come up with a recommended video
from that same vendor and that's another
piece of the puzzle and then perhaps
these three four buyers have all got
together and they've said hey I keep
seeing this brand the other one said
yeah hey I saw them on organic search
every time I was looking for Solutions
or when I had questions the other ones
say I saw them on YouTube the other one
said I saw them in community so the
point I'm getting at is that yes SEO
sometimes you'll get the inquiry you'll
get the demo request straight away
likewise maybe with an ad again you
might get the inquiry straight away or
through communities or through YouTube
or podcast all of these are channels all
of these add up as pieces in the puzzle
so the more pieces of the puzzle that
you can acquire making sure you're
actually out there on these channels
that your ideal clients use daily the
more chance you have to fill the whole
puzzle and capture that prospect's
attention
earn their trust
and most importantly be the Top Choice
when they're ready to actually invest in
your offer and talk to sales
and there you have it let me know your
thoughts on this short and snappy bsp
marketing episode on link in if you did
enjoy it a quick subscribe for a rating
and review on your podcast Channel goes
a long way and with that I'll catch you
on the next one cheers